<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_npg_h5t_gv">
  <title>LDAP data store properties // Test, 8.1</title>
  <shortdesc>Properties of <wintitle>LDAP Configuration</wintitle>.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <properties>
      <prophead>
        <proptypehd>Field</proptypehd>
        <propvaluehd>Value</propvaluehd>
        <propdeschd>Additional information</propdeschd>
      </prophead>
      <property>
        <proptype>Hostname(s)</proptype>
        <propvalue>The DNS name or IP address of the data store, which may include a port number;
          example:181.20.42.130:389. For failover, you can enter one or more backup LDAP servers,
          each separated by a space.</propvalue>
        <propdesc>If more than one Hostname is entered, each server must be accessible using the
          same User DN and Password (or via Bind Anonymously).</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>LDAP Type</proptype>
        <propvalue>The LDAP data store type.</propvalue>
        <propdesc>If you are using this data store for Outbound Provisioning and your LDAP store is
          Active Directory (AD), Oracle Directory Server, or UnboundID Data Store, select the
          applicable Type, which permits PingFederate to configure many provisioning settings
          automatically.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>User DN</proptype>
        <propvalue>The username credential required to access the LDAP directory server (when the
            <uicontrol>Bind Anonymously</uicontrol> check box is not selected).</propvalue>
        <propdesc>The user must have permission to search the directory for user-account
          information. <p>When connecting to an AD LDAP server running on Microsoft Windows Server
            2008 R2 (or higher), enter a User account; do not use a Computer account.</p></propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype><b>Use LDAPS</b></proptype>
        <propvalue>(Optional) Connects to the LDAP data store using LDAPS. </propvalue>
        <propdesc>This selection applies equally to any secondary servers specified in Hostname(s).
          <note type="important">We recommend that all LDAP connections be secured using
            LDAPS.</note></propdesc>
      </property>
    </properties>
  </refbody>
</reference>
