<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_csk_gf5_gv">
 <title>Authentication policy contracts // Test, 8.0</title>
 <shortdesc>Authentication policy contract is a contract with one or more user
  attributes.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Authentication policy contracts, formerly known as connection mapping contracts, provide
   PingFederate administrators the following benefits:</p>
  <ul>
   <li>The capability to build an attribute contract with attribute values from multiple
    authentication sources or data store queries through an authentication policy.</li>
   <li>The flexibility to map only the policy contract to a connection. Authentication sources in
    the policy leading up to the contract are not required to be mapped into the connection. In
    other words, administrators can experiment with various IdP adapter instances without the burden
    of adding and removing them to and from the connection.</li>
   <li>The potential to reuse authentication policies that use the same policy contract in multiple
    SP or IdP connections.</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Authentication policy contracts are also the media to carry user attributes from IdPs to SPs
   when PingFederate is deployed as a federation hub.</p>
  <p>You manage authentication policy contracts in the <menucascade>
    <uicontrol>IdP Configuration/SP Configuration</uicontrol>
    <uicontrol>Policies</uicontrol>
   </menucascade> screen.</p>
  <p>Once an authentication policy contract is created, you can deploy it in one or more
   authentication policies and map it to one or more connections.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
